Liber AL vel Legis — The Book of the Law
sub figurâ CCXX · A∴A∴ Publication in Class A
Source: hermetic.com · 1904 Cairo Working · 2026-05-18 verified

═══════════════════════════════════════
Chapter I — Nuit (66 verses)
═══════════════════════════════════════

1. Had! The manifestation of Nuit.
2. The unveiling of the company of heaven.
3. Every man and every woman is a star.
4. Every number is infinite; there is no difference.
5. Help me, o warrior lord of Thebes, in my unveiling before the Children of men!
6. Be thou Hadit, my secret centre, my heart & my tongue!
7. Behold! it is revealed by Aiwass the minister of Hoor-paar-kraat.
8. The Khabs is in the Khu, not the Khu in the Khabs.
9. Worship then the Khabs, and behold my light shed over you!
10. Let my servants be few & secret: they shall rule the many & the known.
11. These are fools that men adore; both their Gods & their men are fools.
12. Come forth, o children, under the stars, & take your fill of love!
13. I am above you and in you. My ecstasy is in yours. My joy is to see your joy.
14. Above, the gemmed azure is The naked splendour of Nuit; She bends in ecstasy to kiss The secret ardours of Hadit.
15. Now ye shall know that the chosen priest & apostle of infinite space is the prince-priest the Beast; and in his woman called the Scarlet Woman is all power given.
16. For he is ever a sun, and she a moon. But to him is the winged secret flame, and to her the stooping starlight.
17. But ye are not so chosen.
18. Burn upon their brows, o splendrous serpent!
19. O azure-lidded woman, bend upon them!
20. The key of the rituals is in the secret word which I have given unto him.
21. With the God & the Adorer I am nothing: they do not see me. They are as upon the earth; I am Heaven, and there is no other God than me, and my lord Hadit.
22. Now, therefore, I am known to ye by my name Nuit, and to him by a secret name which I will give him when at last he knoweth me.
26. Then saith the prophet unto the Queen of Space; kiss me.
27. Then she answered: ...the sign shall be my ecstasy, the consciousness of the continuity of existence, the omnipresence of my body.
29. For I am divided for love's sake, for the chance of union.
30. This is the creation of the world, that the pain of division is as nothing, and the joy of dissolution all.
31. For these fools of men and their woes care not thou at all! They feel little; what is, is balanced by weak joys; but ye are my chosen ones.
32. Obey my prophet! follow out the ordeals of my knowledge! seek me only!
34. But she said: the ordeals I write not: the rituals shall be half known and half concealed: the Law is for all.
39. The word of the Law is Thelema.
40. Who calls us Thelemites will do no wrong... Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the Law.
41. The word of Sin is Restriction.
42. ...thou hast no right but to do thy will. Do that, and no other shall say nay.
44. For pure will, unassuaged of purpose, delivered from the lust of result, is every way perfect.
45. The Perfect and the Perfect are one Perfect and not two; nay, are none!
46. Nothing is a secret key of this law. Sixty-one the Jews call it; I call it eight, eighty, four hundred & eighteen.
49. Abrogate are all rituals, all ordeals, all words and signs.
57. Invoke me under my stars! Love is the law, love under will.
60. My number is 11, as all their numbers who are of us.
61. But to love me is better than all things...
66. The Manifestation of Nuit is at an end.

═══════════════════════════════════════
Chapter II — Hadit (79 verses)
═══════════════════════════════════════

1. Nu! the hiding of Hadit.
2. Come! all ye, and learn the secret that hath not yet been revealed. I, Hadit, am the complement of Nu, my bride.
3. In the sphere I am everywhere the centre, as she, the circumference, is nowhere found.
4. Yet she shall be known & I never.
6. I am the flame that burns in every heart of man, and in the core of every star. I am Life, and the giver of Life, yet therefore is the knowledge of me the knowledge of death.
7. I am the Magician and the Exorcist. I am the axle of the wheel, and the cube in the circle.
9. Remember all ye that existence is pure joy; that all the sorrows are but as shadows; they pass & are done; but there is that which remains.
15. For I am perfect, being Not; and my number is nine by the fools; but with the just I am eight, and one in eight.
17. Hear me, ye people of sighing! The sorrows of pain and regret Are left to the dead and the dying, The folk that not know me as yet.
19. Is a God to live in a dog? No! but the highest are of us.
20. Beauty and strength, leaping laughter and delicious languor, force and fire, are of us.
21. We have nothing with the outcast and the unfit: let them die in their misery.
22. I am the Snake that giveth Knowledge & Delight and bright glory, and stir the hearts of men with drunkenness.
23. I am alone: there is no God where I am.
27. There is great danger in me; for who doth not understand these runes shall make a great miss.
28. Now a curse upon Because and his kin!
30. If Will stops and cries Why, invoking Because, then Will stops & does nought.
31. If Power asks why, then is Power weakness.
32. Also reason is a lie; for there is a factor infinite & unknown; & all their words are skew-wise.
33. Enough of Because! Be he damned for a dog!
35. Let the rituals be rightly performed with joy & beauty!
49. I am unique & conqueror. I am not of the slaves that perish.
52. There is a veil: that veil is black. It is the veil of the modest woman; it is the veil of sorrow, & the pall of death: this is none of me. Tear down that lying spectre of the centuries: veil not your vices in virtuous words: these vices are my service.
58. Yea! deem not of change: ye shall be as ye are, & not other. Therefore the kings of the earth shall be Kings for ever: the slaves shall serve.
70. There is help & hope in other spells. Wisdom says: be strong! Then canst thou bear more joy.
71. Hail! ye twin warriors about the pillars of the world! for your time is nigh at hand.
72. I am the Lord of the Double Wand of Power; the wand of the Force of Coph Nia—but my left hand is empty, for I have crushed an Universe; & nought remains.
73. Paste the sheets from right to left and from top to bottom: then behold!
74. There is a splendour in my name hidden and glorious, as the sun of midnight is ever the son.
75. Aye! listen to the numbers & the words:
76. 4 6 3 8 A B K 2 4 A L G M O R 3 Y X 24 89 R P S T O V A L.
77. o! the burning of the child within me!
78. The Ending of the Words is the Word Abrahadabra.
79. The Book of the Law is Written and Concealed.

═══════════════════════════════════════
Chapter III — Ra-Hoor-Khuit (75 verses)
═══════════════════════════════════════

1. Abrahadabra; the reward of Ra Hoor Khut.
2. There is division hither homeward; there is a word not known. Spelling is defunct; all is not aught. Beware! Hold! Raise the spell of Ra-Hoor-Khuit!
3. Now let it be first understood that I am a god of War and of Vengeance. I shall deal hardly with them.
4. Choose ye an island! Fortify it! Dung it about with enginery of war!
5. I am the warrior Lord of the Forties: the Eighties cower before me, & are abased. I will bring you to victory & joy: I will be at your arms in battle & ye shall delight to slay.
6. Deem not too eagerly to catch the promises; fear not to undergo the curses.
7. I am the Hawk-Headed Lord of Silence & of Strength; my nemyss shrouds the night-blue sky.
8. Hail! ye twin warriors about the pillars of the world!
9. Worship me with fire & blood; worship me with swords & with spears.
10. Let the woman be girt with a sword before me: let blood flow to my name.
11. Trample down the Heathen; be upon them, o warrior, I will give you of their flesh to eat!
12. Sacrifice cattle, little and big: after a child.
17. Fear not at all; fear neither men nor Fates, nor gods, nor anything. Money fear not, nor laughter of the folk folly, nor any other power in heaven or upon the earth or under the earth. Nu is your refuge as Hadit your light; and I am the strength, force, vigour, of your arms.
18. Mercy let be off: damn them who pity! Kill and torture; spare not; be upon them!
19. That stélé they shall call the Abomination of Desolation; count well its name, & it shall be to you as 718.
22. The other images group around me to support me: let all be worshipped, for they shall cluster to exalt me.
23. For perfume mix meal & honey & thick leavings of red wine: then oil of Abramelin and olive oil, and afterward soften & smooth down with rich fresh blood.
34. But your holy place shall be untouched throughout the centuries: though with fire and sword it be burnt down & shattered, yet an invisible house there standeth, and shall stand until the fall of the Great Equinox; when Hrumachis shall arise and the double-wanded one assume my throne and place.
37. I adore thee in the song—I am the Lord of Thebes, and I the inspired forth-speaker of Mentu; For me unveils the veilèd sky, The self-slain Ankh-af-na-khonsu Whose words are truth.
38. So that thy light is in me; & its red flame is as a sword in my hand to push thy order. There is a secret door that I shall make to establish thy way in all the quarters.
39. All this and a book to say how thou didst come hither and a reproduction of this ink and paper for ever—for in it is the word secret & not only in the English.
42. The ordeals thou shalt oversee thyself, save only the blind ones. Refuse none, but thou shalt know & destroy the traitors.
46. I am the warrior Lord of the Forties: the Eighties cower before me, and are abased.
49. I am in a secret fourfold word, the blasphemy against all gods of men.
50. With my Hawk's head I peck at the eyes of Jesus as he hangs upon the cross.
51. With my claws I tear out the flesh of the Indian and the Buddhist, Mongol and Din.
53. This shall be your only proof... For in the chance shape of the letters and their position to one another: in these are mysteries.
55. Let Mary inviolate be torn upon wheels: for her sake let all chaste women be utterly despised among you!
56. Also for beauty's sake and love's!
57. Despise also all cowards; professional soldiers who dare not fight, but play; all fools despise!
58. But the keen and the proud, the royal and the lofty; ye are brothers!
59. As brothers fight ye!
60. There is no law beyond Do what thou wilt.
61. There is an end of the word of the God enthroned in Ra's seat, lightening the girders of the soul.
62. To Me do ye reverence! to me come ye through tribulation of ordeal, which is bliss.
63. The fool readeth this Book of the Law, and its comment; & he understandeth it not.
64. Let him come through the first ordeal, & it will be to him as silver.
65. Through the second, gold.
66. Through the third, stones of precious water.
67. Through the fourth, ultimate sparks of the intimate fire.
68. Yet to all it shall seem beautiful. Its enemies who say not so, are mere liars.
69. There is success.
70. I am the Hawk-Headed Lord of Silence & of Strength; my nemyss shrouds the night-blue sky.
71. Hail! ye twin warriors about the pillars of the world! for your time is nigh at hand.
72. I am the Lord of the Double Wand of Power; the wand of the Force of Coph Nia—but my left hand is empty, for I have crushed an Universe; & nought remains.
73. Paste the sheets from right to left and from top to bottom: then behold!
74. There is a splendour in my name hidden and glorious, as the sun of midnight is ever the son.
75. The ending of the words is the Word Abrahadabra.
The Book of the Law is Written and Concealed. Aum. Ha.
